-Advice for students who want
to go into postgraduate study,
it's like speed dating.
You have a limited
amount of time, a limited
amount of information,
and you have
to make very important choices.
I think there are
a couple things
you want to be thinking about.
The first thing
is, am I interested
in what the faculty is teaching?
Do they seem to act as
mentors to their students?
Is there a sense of community?
Is it an interesting mix
of students and faculty?
-I think if you're
choosing where you're
going to study as
a postgraduate,
you really need to focus
on your own interests.
And that means you need
to reflect internally
on what is important
to you, whether it
be the particulars
of the subject.
And so that would direct
you towards a few places
where they're providing
interesting things that really
match your desire in terms
of what you want to study.
But more broadly
than that, you want
to find a place which is
conducive to a year of very
focused effort.
If you're studying
for a taught Master's,
or several years if
you're a Ph.D. student.
-Your postgraduate studies
are a really big investment
in your intellectual development
your career potential.
And there's lots
of different ways
you can fund your
postgraduate study.
And so it's really
important you take the time
to investigate as many
of these as possible.
-Postgraduate life
at York is very full.
I would say, don't
underestimate your course.
It is not going to be
that easy, but it's not
going to be that hard either.
What you have to
remember is that there
are loads of things you can
do alongside your course,
such as engage in society,
sports activities,
or even get involved in
a representational role--
like I did.
And remember that it's up to
you to make those choices while
you're here .